To preview your course,
select the green button labeled
preview course located at the top
left of the screen in the sidebar.
ADAPT will open another tab/window
with the created course homepage.
You will see the name of your course and
the name of your first lesson/topic.
Once the course loads in another tab/window,
select the button labeled view.
ADAPT will showcase the items currently
included in the first page of your course.
Scroll down to see the text,
graphic and accordion components you created.
Ensure that you select and
open all interactive elements.
Congratulations,
you have just previewed your first course.